Hello, 3708.
When you hear the tone, please leave your name, telephone number, and any message.
Thank you.
Here is the tone.
Mrs. O'Moore, my name is Nick Basbanes.
We spoke briefly a number of months ago when I wrote you a letter.
I've been writing a book about the formation of libraries and book collections, and I've been eager to talk to your husband about the garden.
I wonder if either of you could give me a call.
I'm at 508-839-4404.
Thank you very much.
My band?
Yeah, please.
Hello, this is 743-2886.
Your call is being answered electronically.
When you hear the tone, please leave your name, telephone number, and a brief message.
Thank you.
Here is the tone.
Mrs. O'Moore, this is Nick Basmanes.
I've been trying to get in touch with either you or your husband.
I would very much like to speak to Dr. O'Moore.
We met briefly at the garden sale last year.
I indicated to him how I am writing a book about the formation of book collections.
I would very much like to include him in it.
I can be reached at 508-839-4404.
Thank you.
Hello, this is 743-2886.
Your call is being answered electronically.
When you hear the tone, please leave your name, telephone number, and a brief message.